[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Dr. Robert Wood.
He's a retired
aerospace engineer
who has worked on everything
from ballistic missile defense
to the Space Station.
More recently, Bob is
the editor of a new book
on William Tompkins
called "Selected
By Extraterrestrials Volume 2--
My Life in the Top
Secret World of UFOs,
Think Tanks, and
Nordic Secretaries."
Bob, welcome to the show.
>>ROBERT WOOD: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Well, there's no doubt
about how the commerce plays
a significant role, if
not domineering role
in the secret space programs.
But what did Bill
Tompkins say about this?
>>WOOD: He talked a lot
about mining other planets
and I guess some asteroids
too, but mostly mining
the planets and nearby stars.
And he emphasized as
part of that the fact
that the people who are
doing this were greedy.
They wanted to make
money, and that
was what was driving them all.
And part of the making money
was to get cheap labor,
and the cheap labor was slaves.
>>EMERY: Whoa.
>>WOOD: So slavery of all sorts.
I mean, when you're mining
planets for minerals
presumably, you don't have
people with picks and shovels.
You have people who are
using automated systems who
have been trained
through their whole lives
in a high technology mode.
So it's not just physical
labor you're looking for.
You're looking for the
intellectual labor.
And the slavery at
the intellectual level
is something people
don't mostly think about,
but he was thinking about that.
That was a new thought to me.
>>EMERY: Mm-hmm.
Well, in past seasons
of "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we've had many SSP
guests on here telling us
about their experiences
with the slave trade,
as part of the whole
commerce thing.
And I know that Bill
had spoken about this,
and we've talked about this.
Where are they getting
these people from?
>>WOOD: Well, he did talk about
the mass abductions as one way
to get people.
He claimed that there
was one occasion when
he was talking to a person in a
new building many stories high
that apparently all of the
females on the fourth floor
except for one
were suddenly gone.
And this was a new thought
to me that the abduction
could be that complete.
In that context,
he also mentioned
a book called "The
Missing 4,000," I think,
or something like that, and that
was turned into a movie later,
but where thousands of
people vanished at once
and then they came
back 50 years later.
But this was a fictional
story, but it was one
that Bill mentioned as
an interesting fiction
as relevant to the slave process
and basically capturing people
to be slaves.
>>EMERY: How are they abducting
just the women off the floor?
Why was it just the women?
>>WOOD: That was
really weird to me.
I could never fathom that.
>>EMERY: And the scientific
explanation, were they
teletransported out
of there somehow?
Or were they bum-rushed
by an elite unit?
>>WOOD: Well, those
questions are a good example
of how, when we were
putting this book together,
I was just looking at whatever
he typed on his typewriter.
And by the time we had the
book finished, he was dead.
So I couldn't do the follow-up
questions such as a good one
you were just asking now.
>>EMERY: Sure.
If mining and slave trade is
part of this galactic commerce,
where does our navy fit into
this and our space program?
>>WOOD: Well, that's a
good question, especially
in view of recent
events since Bill
died when we've
officially announced
there is a Space Force.
It even has its own flag.
But my feeling is
that Bill's view
was related to the solar
warden thing, which
started with the navy.
But it's not clear
to me at the time
that he died it was only the
navy that was controlling
that because I think that the
solar warden program was really
representing the good
guys trying to make sure
that certain kinds
of alien craft
were not intruding into
our sphere of influence.
>>EMERY: So they weren't
part of that slave trade is
what he told you.
>>WOOD: No.
No, they're not.
They were trying to protect
us against evil aliens
and promote harmony
amongst friendly aliens.
>>EMERY: Right.
Well, we do have a clip
from William Tompkins
about this galactic slave trade,
so let's take a look at it.
>>WOOD: OK.
>>BILL TOMPKINS: It's
very strange that this
has been going on,
that the same structure
of a medieval country,
kings, queens, princesses,
all of the top people agreed
with maybe France's or Spain's
group, and they
became the elite.
They became the control of the
population in their countries
and were never allowing
the people a real life,
never allowing
them to participate
in many of the upper
things, and many of them
were actually slaves.
So the big slavery business
out there is a big business.
It's a major business
today, a massive business.
Anything that you
want to manufacture,
anything that you
want to farm, anything
that you want to build, it's
all done with slave people.
And in Germany, Germany had
massive underground facilities
that were all slaves.
And even to the extent
that when the decision was
made before the war ended that
they were going to continue all
of their extraterrestrial
developments
on UFOs and on every weapons
system that they were building,
they took their production
facilities to Antarctica,
but they also brought
the slaves with them.
So now there are slaves
underneath the ground
and they still are
today in Antarctica.
But slave business out
there is a big business,
and this is happening today.
It's not something that
happened 100 years ago.
This has been going
on a long time,
and that needs to be fixed.
And there's all
kinds of slavery.
There is sexual
slavery unbelievably.
There's many different
classes of people
that are abducted for
slavery, sexual slavery.
They want the tops
and the smartest
because they're worth more.
They have, I think, four
or five different levels
of people that they abduct.
They abduct top medical
research people.
They abduct the
corporate levels,
and they abduct the
most brilliant levels.
And then they go down
through three levels,
and that says where
they get sectioned off.
Everybody gets to two
planets, and then it's
decided where they're
going to be sent to.
But it's a massive business.
It's been going on for
years, and we can't identify
where these people have gone.
And just like normal abductions,
we don't know where they went.
But it's because most
of them don't come back.
We're only hearing from
the few that came back.
>>EMERY: Shocking,
to say the least.
But where did he extract his
intelligence from for this?
>>WOOD: That is a
superior question
because it's the question
that he never answered to me.
He talked about slavery
in very global terms
and, to some extent, specific
terms of the different kinds
of slavery.
But he never talked about the
questions I wanted answered,
and that is, what were
his sources of information
for this?
And why was he so confident
that these numbers were valid?
I mean, the specifics of how
he knew what he claimed to know
were missing in
our conversations.
So I was very informed to see
his articulate presentation,
but very frustrated to realize
that the questions I want
answered, which was what's
the process involved
to make this slavery
happen, those questions
were not answered.
>>EMERY: The US Navy
is not doing this.
They're protecting us.
Yet, here on planet
Earth, we have
people that he's
claiming slavery
down in Antarctica right now.
So why are they not
being protected?
>>WOOD: Well, we don't
have control over what
the reptilians and the Nazis
are doing in Antarctica.
>>EMERY: Well, there is
slavery obviously happening
on our planet.
The question is,
is it the humans?
Is it the earthlings
here conducting that?
Is it another
extraterrestrial force?
>>WOOD: Really,
Bill and I didn't
speculate about that much.
I do know, though, that there
have been some times when he's
been asked questions not by
me, but by another interviewer,
where his response was, I
can't tell you about that.
And so always in my mind there's
been a question of, well,
what is it that when he was
told by Admiral Webster to,
"Bill, tell it all,"
what is it that he now
or before he died felt
he could not speak of?
And I have never figured out--
I thought about three
or four possibilities.
One of them might have
been the details associated
with slavery, but I would
be just speculation.
>>EMERY: What about mental
slavery or mind control?
Is there something
we know about that?
I mean, many people have their
MK Ultra stories as well as
others who are programmed
during their service
in the military or
special projects.
I mean, what else did Bill
Tompkins say about that to you?
>>WOOD: Bill Tompkins
and I did not
talk about the details
of mind control,
except to agree that it
was a real thing, that it
was generally bad and
was being overused.
I have heard presentations by
several other credible people
about the mind
controls that have
been used for
specific purposes that
are generally
unethical and illegal
and should never have been done.
But history is history.
It's begun.
>>EMERY: Right.
Can you mention some
of those purposes?
>>WOOD: Certainly, a good
example of unethical purposes
would be the claim that the
Nazis were able to train
some soldiers like robots.
And of course, people in the
army are trained to kill.
Now the question
is, could the CIA
have used these
kinds of processes
to have people used
to kill people?
And I'm confident that the
mind control procedures were
very effective and that we
had the complete capability
to use the right person
under the right circumstances
to tell them to
go kill somebody.
And even today-- this
would be speculation--
I'm confident that
we can have people
do things that have a political
impact that would favor
whatever government process
the government wants done just
by using individual people
who have been trained
to do what they want.
In fact, it's been reported
that some of the same people
show up for this
uprising in one year
and then another
uprising another year.
The impression I
have is that somebody
has got them under control.
>>EMERY: I would have to
agree with that completely,
especially what's
going on in the world
today with the chaos,
which is always happening.
It just doesn't make
sense sometimes.
Well, let's look at this
clip about mind control.
>>TOMPKINS: I was in a
meeting on the subject
with some other people, and
this one young lady said,
I've got one.
And, you got what?
(WHISPERS) I've got one.
Really?
I have.
I got a picture of it.
UFO?
Yeah, a real picture of it.
How did you get that?
Well, we were having a party
Friday night in Oceanside.
And Saturday morning,
all eight of us,
we went to that cul-de-sac off
of Lake Boulevard that's right
over Carlsbad-- now, Carlsbad
is next to Oceanside, OK,
so they're standing on the
border between the two--
to show the other three
couples their new condo
that's being built
just across the area.
And so everybody goes
out there, and they're
standing around this fence
because it dropped off quite
a bit and then came back up.
And so they took the
picture, one picture
of this whole valley thing.
Not a picture like that,
but just straight out.
And they developed all the
party pictures the night before,
and this.
You notice it's
serrated on the sides,
and it's serrated on the top.
Look what's coming out of
the back of it in color.
Five separate gases coming
out of this reptilian tanker,
dropping 5 gases at 300 feet.
You're smoking their gas today
because they dropped this gas
only on technically advancing
communities on the planet, OK,
every four to six weeks.
So you could be
getting it today.
Not one, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
They didn't see it
because everybody's minds
are controlled to not see it,
just like a stealth system.
So the commander
of this squadron
made sure that that
stealth was turned on.
He forgot to turn on the
stealth that prevents the camera
from photographing it, OK?
So the reason you
don't see these,
they're flying all over us.
There's hundreds of them.
There's thousands of them every
single day on your planet.
They're dropping the gas, so
your mind is being controlled
and you don't function normally,
or how you should function.
And so again, we are
being mind controlled
not for the last
couple of weeks,
but for thousands of years.
And that's back to
the Romans again.
Their minds were controlled.
And it's hard for us to
accept that somebody's
controlling my mind.
And particularly-- now this
is extremely important--
particularly because
the brilliant PhDs
in all technical fields, these
people are the most important
for everything that
we need in science.
But their minds have
been controlled,
so they won't listen to
what some of the rest of us
are talking about because
they know everything.
But what they've been taught in
those books at the university
is all lies.
Every technical
field, it's all lies.
It's incorrect, and
it's preventing people
to put in the eight years or
whatever knowing everything
now to accept this subject.
That's the reason Congress
didn't accept it when
MUFON went back to Congress.
The Democrats or
the Republicans,
neither one of them.
Oh, their heads were all
knobbing up and down,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
10 minutes later, it
was removed because they
were already
programmed, their minds
were programmed
not to accept that.
I know this sounds
insane, but this is fact.
This is what it is.
>>EMERY: This was a great clip.
But how did Bill know that
those were reptilian craft?
>>WOOD: The only way that
I think he could have known
is he had a psychic connection
with the people in the craft.
Because there is no other
evidence that I'm aware of that
says that that particular
shape has been well
established to be associated
with a reptilian race.
>>EMERY: And I'm
also curious, how
did he know that this
gas was gas at all?
And how did he know the gas
was a form of mind control gas?
>>WOOD: Well, that's
another excellent question
because I think the answer is
he had no way of knowing that.
There's no question
about what is is.
The gas, you can see that,
the way it's performing.
But there's no basis
for his knowing
what the function
of the gas was.
There could have been
several different functions.
And it might have
even been locally
for the people
underneath there--
well, I won't
speculate there, but--
>>EMERY: No, no,
give us your opinion.
Speculate.
>>WOOD: Well, it just
occurred to me just now
as we were talking,
and that is there
have been claims that sometimes
an entire airplane was
shot down because they wanted
to kill one person on it.
It's possible that these gases
were dropped because they
wanted to affect one person.
I have no idea.
It doesn't seem less
reasonable or logical.
But it's clear to
me that the gases
were being dropped for
reasons that are probably
not helpful to Homo sapiens.
>>EMERY: I've taken a lot of
photographs and video during
my time of craft, and
we always have to have--
usually the US Navy we send
them to, their photo people,
and they have to go
through everything.
Do you know, has this photo ever
been analyzed by a third party
organization?
>>WOOD: This photo
was sent to a fellow
by the name of Walter Nowasad,
who is a communications
guy as opposed to
being a film expert,
but he knows film experts.
He dug into the details
of this particular photo
in a lot of detail.
And his conclusion in
a private memo to me,
he accepted the photo
as absolutely authentic
in dropping gasses.
>>EMERY: Right.
Do you have a copy
of this photo?
>>WOOD: Well, the video
showed a color copy,
and I certainly have the
original color that I can
share with whoever needs it.
>>EMERY: Well, Bill's
claiming that they're
dumping these gases out
into the atmosphere.
What is our current Space Force
doing to protect us from this?
>>WOOD: My understanding
of Bill's concept
of the secret space force
was pretty much extra earth.
In other words, they
were not looking inward,
they were looking outward.
And whether they were the
evil part of the space force
or the good part
of the space force,
they were pretty
much all looking
outward as opposed to worrying
about how to protect humanity.
In addition, we did
talk about the fact
that the reptilian tanker
was dropping these gases.
And I think in parallel,
Bill kind of also
claimed that, by the way,
there are chem trails happening
that are maybe doing the same
thing that are being promoted
by the reptilians.
But we never brought
that to a conclusion.
That was just a
speculation on the side.
But in any case, he
was never concerned
that our space forces,
where we controlled them,
were trying to do
anything about preventing
them dropping these gases.
>>EMERY: So, Bob, who is
running this whole scenario?
Is it the corporations?
Is it the military?
Is it some sort of
political organization?
Or is it the extraterrestrials?
>>WOOD: I think asking
the question of who
is running the show
implies that there
is one single unit
running the show,
and I think the answer
is there is not.
So what we're seeing
is different pieces
of people running their
show, doing their things
for their objectives.
Oh, the corporations
want to, in general,
make as much money as possible.
But if possible, they'd
like to do it ethically.
I don't think they
want to go out
of their way to be unethical.
Likewise, I think the
United States, in principle,
should try to protect their
citizens as much as they can.
But if they do that and have
a negative effect on something
else, then there are choices
that have to be made.
I think that there's a lot
of people running the show
and that they're
not coordinated.
Some of them are
running the show
on ethical reasons
and logical reasons.
Some are running
the show for greed.
But there is multiple
shows going on here.
And that's too bad
because I personally
think as a practicing Christian
that the only important show is
the love that men could
have for one another
and that ultimately that's the
way I hope it works out, which
means that some of the bad
things that have gone on
and the evil things that maybe
are contemplated hopefully
will be dismissed in
some way or the other.
>>EMERY: I couldn't agree more.
What would you say Bill
Tompkins's proudest
moment was during his career?
>>WOOD: Well, I'd
like to answer that
by saying there are two or three
proud moments in his career.
I think he was very
proud to be the courier
to take this stuff around to
the right places for four years.
I think he was very proud to
have been involved in designing
underground bases
for the Air Force
that we never even discussed
in our interviews here,
but that's one thing that he
always would come back to.
He said, here's the design
I did for this facility.
So he was a facilities designer.
He was really
proud of that work.
And then, of course,
he was so proud to have
been a part of the process of
helping the navy become a space
power with solar warden.
And I think he was proud maybe
to a lesser extent of the fact
that he helped redesign
the Lockheed P3s to look
for UFOs, USOs underwater.
>>EMERY: Another
brilliant moment.
>>WOOD: He had a lot of things
he could have been proud of,
but the fact that he did
these underground base
designs for the Air
Force is not something
that we talk much about
or is in the books.
He's got something he
had a lot of pride in.
>>EMERY: Sounds
like he was really
passionate in those
things you just mentioned.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>EMERY: With everything
that William Tompkins
has been through, especially
with the extraterrestrials
and all the data
that he knows, was he
ever concerned about the
future of humanity meeting
extraterrestrials?
Did he have a positive
outlook, a negative outlook
of where the future was going?
>>WOOD: Well, I think his
outlook was summarized
when he talked about the
importance of getting rid
of the slavery.
He wanted to take action to
make the world a better place,
and the action he
was mostly focused on
was this prevention of slavery.
But the processes
whereby that would happen
were never discussed
with me, and I'm not
even sure he had
them in his mind
to know how to do that because
of the enormous complexity
of the problem and
the extent of it.
I think he was just hoping
that the good guys will win.
He was a practicing
Catholic, and I
think that's one of
the reasons that he
was so loyal and faithful
to his wife over the years,
was such a very pleasant person.
Actually, one of the reasons
that I became friendly with him
was that every
time I'd visit him,
she had the right
kind of cookies.
>>EMERY: [LAUGHS]
That's great.
>>WOOD: But Bill was
a kind of a fun guy
who had a great
positive attitude,
knew that things could be done,
but was limited in his talents
in some ways.
He was very articulate
in speaking,
but not articulate in
writing, typing that is.
He was very knowledgeable about
people and what made them tick
and what motivated them.
And in a management sense, I was
thinking he was very skillful.
Sounds
>>EMERY: Sounds like a--
>>WOOD: But I don't think he
had the solution in his mind
as to how to solve the
problems of the world,
but he hoped that someone would
come forth and get that done.
>>EMERY: Well, sounds like
a very wonderful soul.
I wish I would have met him.
Well, Bob, it's an
honor to meet you,
and so glad to have
you on the show.
Thanks for coming.
>>WOOD: Thank you.
I've been pleased.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith,
and this is another episode
of "Cosmic Disclosure."
[THEME MUSIC]